For this exercise, you'll practice using the CIS controls using a case study.
This is meant to replicate a real-life scenario you very well may
encounter as a cybersecurity professional. Here's the story.
Jill & Roy provide accounting services throughout their area.
They employ seven full-time workers,
which is four accountants,
an office administrator, and of course themselves.
They also have about a dozen seasonal workers during the tax season.
They use Microsoft products such as Office 365 for their office applications like e-mail,
word processing, and spreadsheets.
But for their accounting,
they use into it QuickBooks,
ProConnect, the online version.
For their network, they have a single Linksys,
Ethernet, switch, and router.
The full-time accountants each have a Lenovo ThinkPad,
while the office administrator has a Lenovo desktop.
All company workstations use the latest version of Windows 10.
Everybody has admin privileges on their PC,
which means anyone can install whatever software they need.
They also have an additional Windows 10 Lenovo desktop they
use for their print and file servers that sits in the main office area.
Now, keep in mind, only Roy and Jill and the office
admin have an account on that one server.
Now, the temporary workers,
they use their own laptops,
which are a mixture of Windows and Macs.
Additionally, the office has a bring-your-own-device policies.
That means all employees just use their own smartphones or cell phones.
They have a contract with a local IT company that comes in
about once a week or two that does the weekly backup,
the file print server,
and does any updating or any maintenance of the systems.
For each of the CIS controls listed in the exercise,
provide your interpretation of how they may apply to Jill & Roy's accounting.
You should use the CIS controls website to help you answer these questions.